mClock: Handling Throughput Variability for Hypervisor IO Scheduling
Today's Hypervisor offers a variety of options for allocating CPU and memory for virtual environment configuration, but IO-related resources can only be allocated on a fairly limited basis. 
Especially in situations where there is a change in capacity over a short period of time, it is currently not possible to provide control.
To solve this problem, in this paper, created a new IO scheduler algorithm for hypervisor named mClock. 
mClock is a scheduler algorithm that has been changed to freely allocate IO-related resources. 
Based on the hypervisor used in VMware EXS, they created prototype hypervisor using mClock and evaluated that.
The evaluation method was divided into several parts. 
Among the most realistic evaluations, Filebench Workloads showed that the OLTP workload, which was reduced to 250 IOPS in the conventional method, was improved to 500 IOPS in mClock.
In this paper, detailed algorithm about mClock is introduced, but it is difficult to prove the validity of the paper because the implemented result by the algorithm is not disclosed. 
This will need to be addressed for further discussion.

FlashFQ: A Fair Queueing I/O Scheduler for Flash-Based SSDs
The existing timeslice-based I / O scheduler suffers from low responsiveness when a large number of tasks are performed simultaneously. 
This is especially true for Flash-Based SSDs, which have different read and write times.
To solve this problem, this paper presents a new I / O Scheduler called FlashFQ. 
FlashFQ use the advantage what the Flash-Based SSDs hasn't disadvantage from randomized data access, unlike mechanical DISK. 
It also uses throttled dispatch to improve performance with the queueing scheduler.
This study confirms that FlashFQ achieves fairness and at the same time shows similar or better performance than other I / O Schedulers.
This paper has the advantage that Motivation is well presented. 
But, when compare to other approaches, it would have been better if they discussed about why the fairness is important.